Tart Peanut Rabbit

high

# gOhm stuck forever if call claimDefaulted on Cooler directly
## Summary

Anyone can call Cooler.claimDefaulted. If this is done for a loan owned by the Clearinghouse, the gOhm is sent to the Clearinghouse, but there is no way to recover or burn it.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Bob calls `Clearinghouse.lendToCooler` to make a loan collateralized by 1000 gOhm.
2. Bob defaults on the loan
3.  Immediately after default, Eve calls `Cooler.claimDefaulted` on Bob's loan.
4. The gOhm is transferred to the Clearinghouse
5. There is no way to burn or transfer it. (In fact,  `defund()` can be used to transfer literally any token *except* gOhm back to the treasury.)

However, the gOhm can now be stolen using the exploit in #1, potentially in the same transaction as when Eve called `Cooler.claimDefaulted()`.

## Impact

Anyone can very easily make all defaulted gOhm get stuck forever.

## Code Snippet

`Cooler.claimDefaulted` sends the collateral to the lender, calls `onDefault`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L325

`Clearinghouse.onDefault` does nothing

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Clearinghouse.sol#L265

Although `Clearinghouse.defund()` can be used to send any other token back to the treasury, it cannot do so for gOhm

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Clearinghouse.sol#L340

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Unsure. Perhaps add a flag disabling claiming by anyone other than `loan.lender`? Or just allow `defund()` to be called on gOhm?