Bent Latte Skunk

high

# `ClearingHouse.sol`: `claimDefaulted` variable can be made to overflow.
## Summary

`ClearingHouse.sol`: `claimDefaulted` variable can be made to overflow.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `claimDefaulted` in the Clearinghouse contract has an unchecked block updating certain variables. The issue is that due to insufficient checks, these values can be overflowed to burn excess tokens.

The function takes a list of coolers and a list of loan ids as input and then iterates over them to claim default on all of them. The contract however never checks if the tokens in the coolers are `gOHM` and `DAI`. Thus an attacker can create a cooler with some random erc20 tokens which they can mint themselves all the way upto `type(uint).max`.

```solidity
if (!factory.created(coolers_[i])) revert OnlyFromFactory();

// Claim defaults and update cached metrics.
(uint256 debt, uint256 collateral, uint256 elapsed) = Cooler(coolers_[i]).claimDefaulted(loans_[i]);
uint256 interest = interestFromDebt(debt);
unchecked {
    // Cannot overflow due to max supply limits for both tokens
    totalDebt += debt;
    totalInterest += interest;
    totalCollateral += collateral;
    // There will not exist more than 2**256 loans
    ++i;
}
```

We can see from the above snippet that the only requirement is that the cooler must be registered by the factory. Lets say the attacker creates a cooler with tokens A and B, both of which they can mint themselves. Now they can create a loan request and fill it by themselves within the cooler. Now they can call `claimDefaulted` with the informationabout that cooler and that loan. All checks will pass since the contract only checks if the cooler is registered, which it is.

The returned values of `debt, collateral, elapsed` are all controlled by the attacker. They can be as large as uint.max (debt and collateral values). Thus the code can call the unchecked block and update the `totalDebt` by `debt`, which can be infinitely large and thus cause an overflow. The same can be done for `totalColalteral`.

So attackers can overflow and set the values of `totalDebt` and `totalCollateral` to any value they want. The issue is that later down the line, these values are used to set the treasury debt.

```solidity
TRSRY.setDebt({
    debtor_: address(this),
    token_: dai,
    amount_: (outstandingDebt > (totalDebt - totalInterest))
        ? outstandingDebt - (totalDebt - totalInterest)
        : 0
});
```

So the attackers can set the treasury debt to whatever values they want. This can be used to break the treasury accounting in the contract.

## Impact

The loan mechanism can be DOSed.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Clearinghouse.sol#L199-L213

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check that the tokens of the cooler being interacted with is indeed `gOHM` and `DAI`. This will prevent the overflow since those tokens cannot realistically have supplies large enough to overflow.