Round Ebony Alligator

high

# Cooler insolvency and lenders DAI debt steal via flash loan attack
## Summary

Due to the weaknesses of `provideNewTermsForRoll()` and `rescindRequest()` functions, it's possible for the owner of a cloned Cooler contract to steal all available lenders' debt tokens by getting back all collaterals.

## Vulnerability Detail

Imagine that in the Cooler contract, there are lots of accepted loans that are waiting to be repaid or defaulted. The key parameter here which acts as a safety and a control lever is the debt which is acquired from every lender that wishes to lend to an active loan request. The function `clearRequest()` is the entry point for lenders to lend their assets against the borrow request(s). Till now everything seems to work correctly, though, the checks are insufficient. In this report, a rug vector will be demonstrated to get the lenders' debt tokens silently and consequently, the Cooler will face insolvency.
This attack vector does not impact the Clearinghouse and just uses the Cooler contract and is different from the previously submitted report.

So let's dive into this complex and possible attack vector:
1. The attacker contract which could be the owner of the Cooler contract, will get some flash loan as gOHM as needed, which is possible due to swappable WETH borrowed from Flash-loans and then converting to gOHM via **UniSwap Pools**.
2. The owner also needs some DAI tokens, so he can get them from exchanges or Flash loans, depending on his/her total need.
3. The owner of the Cooler which is a contract, will call `requestLoan()` and will calc the total of borrowed debt tokens, so the params will be (amount: as needed to get back collaterals, interest: 0, `loanToCollateral: 1` is better, duration: 0).
4. Then the owner will `clearRequest()` his/her requested loan so that DAIs will be transferred to him/her again.
5. At this step, he/she will call provideNewTermsForRoll() to make req.active = true (parameters don't matter).
6. Now `rescindRequest()` will be called by the owner, so the gOHMs will be returned to him/herself.
7. Since the abovementioned tasks were all performed in the 1st tx, the owner just bypassed the states of a created loan ID and will return the Flash-loan(s).
8. Now the owner for the 2nd tx, can get back all or a huge portion of his/her Collaterals by just calling `claimDefaulted()`, while all debt tokens are on his/her hands.

## Impact

Owner of cloned Cooler contract, can steal all or a huge portion of debt tokens, by just getting back his/her Collateral tokens from Cooler, which this removes the pressure on the borrower.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/c6f2bbe1b51cdf3bb4d078875170177a1b8ba2a3/src/Cooler.sol#L318
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/c6f2bbe1b51cdf3bb4d078875170177a1b8ba2a3/src/Cooler.sol#L129

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As this recommendation depends on the protocol architecture, but I think the owner should lock a minimum of collateral for a period of time to ensure that a rug vector doesn't exist. Any other flash loan preventive methods are also suitable.