Steep Bamboo Elk

high

# Callbacks with a transferFrom() can be used by malicious lender to make them lose all tokens they have approved to cooler contract
## Summary

The callback hooks for repaying a loan and rolling a loan can be used to transfer msg.sender's tokens to the contract, making them lose their tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When requesting a loan a borrower does not decide whether the lender has hooks. The lender can set whether there are hooks when they call `clearRequest`:

```solidity
 function clearRequest(
        uint256 reqID_,
        bool repayDirect_,
        bool isCallback_
    ) 
```

A lender can set any conditions for a hook when a borrower rolls or repays a loan. 

```solidity
function onRoll(uint256 loanID_, uint256 newDebt, uint256 newCollateral) external {
        if(!factory.created(msg.sender)) revert OnlyFromFactory();
        _onRoll(loanID_, newDebt, newCollateral);
    }
```

This allows them to send a hook that calls: 

```solidity
safeTransferFrom(msg.sender,address(this),--insert amount---)
```

For the insert amount, enter either the amount of tokens msg.sender has approved to the contract, or their balanceOf(msg.sender), whichever is lower.

This will make the borrower lose all tokens they have approved to the contract.

Since they were required to accept token approvals to the contract in order to borrow/lend/deposit, it is likely they have approved tokens which can be stolen through this callback.

## Impact

Malicious lender can make borrower that calls onLoan Or RepayLoan to lose all their tokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/CoolerCallback.sol#L36-L39

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the ability for any non-trusted lender to set any callback.
