Steep Bamboo Elk

high

# Users Can Request Loan but they Cannot Rescind Their Own Loan Request
## Summary 

Any Users Can Request Loan but the rescindLoan has access controls which restrict to to only `owner()` not lender.

## Vulnerability Detail

Any user can request a loan through the `requestLoan` function, not just the owner. `requestLoan` requires the caller to transfer collateral from their address to the `cooler` contract.

However, attempts to rescind the loan requests will revert due to this `if-revert` statement.

```solidity
function rescindRequest(uint256 reqID_) external {
        if (msg.sender != owner()) revert OnlyApproved();
```

The `rescindRequest` is meant to be Only-Lender, not only owner. The `owner()` function takes in the first 20 bytes of the calldata, and when cooler is implemented as intended, is the first address that constructed this contract via the CoolerFactory.

This means that a lender cannot has their request locked indefinitely, cannot get their tokens back until somebody accepts their loan offer. 

## Impact
- Lender cannot rescind loan request
- Lender's funds are stuck in the contract
- Owner can steal lender's funds
- Lender's loan request will stay there for a long/indefinite time, and this loan can be accepted far in the future where the reasonable collateral-to-debt ratio changes, which gives the loaner a bad deal.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L129-L130C53

```solidity
function rescindRequest(uint256 reqID_) external {
        if (msg.sender != owner()) revert OnlyApproved();

```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Add the lender to the Request Struct.
2. Change the `rescindRequest()` access control to:

```sol
if (msg.sender != req.lender) revert
```
