Innocent Tangerine Viper

medium

# The repayment cannot be made beyond the time limit, which is unsafe and may lead to locked funds
## Summary

The repayment cannot be made beyond the time limit, which is unsafe and may lead to locked funds.

Let's assume the following scenario:

1. Assuming that the lender is not active, when the loan expires, the price of the collateral is on the rise. The borrower wants to redeem the collateral to earn more profits, but it cannot be redeemed due to maturity, and then the lender is not active. As a result, funds are locked up and this rising period is missed. When the lender reacts, the price of the collateral may drop again
2. Assume that the collateral is a token with a blacklist such as USDC. During the loan period, the lender has entered the blacklist of the collateral for some reason, making it impossible to withdraw, and eventually the funds are locked. And then the borrower have sufficient funds to get back the collateral
3. If the collateral is of `ERC20Pausable` type, when the funds are in the Pause period, it happens to expire. When the suspension period is canceled, the borrower finds that the collateral cannot be redeemed, which leads to the loss of the borrower

In general, this design may be a bit unfriendly to users. I think whether to allow due repayment should be decided by the lender, or a parameter can be designed to determine whether to allow due repayment

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L156

## Impact

See the Summary

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L156

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I suggest that it can be designed so that the borrower needs to pay more interest when it is overdue, or a parameter can be designed to determine whether to allow due repayment
