Steep Bamboo Elk

medium

# When Loan is rolled which decreases collateral, the collateral is not decreaed
## Summary

If price changes between the loan token and collateral token, it is reasonable for a `loanRoll()` to require less collateral to keep the loan conditions appealing for both parties (especially if collateral token price increases).

When a loan roll is done that requires less collateral, the collateral simply stays the same. The rollLoan() function implemented correctly should reduce the loan and send the collateral back to the borrower. 
## Vulnerability Detail

When `rollLoan()` is called the new additional collateral is calculated with the newCollateral() function.

```solidity
        uint256 newCollateral = newCollateralFor(loanID_);
        uint256 newDebt = interestFor(loan.amount, loan.request.interest, loan.request.duration);


        // Update memory accordingly.
        loan.amount += newDebt;
        loan.collateral += newCollateral;
```
The newCollateral function simply returns zero when the collateral is reduced


This assumes that the collateral required is greater than the current collateral. This isn't necessarily true as the lender is incentivised to decrease the collateral requirements if the collateral value has decreased relative to the loan token since the initial loan was created.

## Impact

- Lender cannot decrease collateral requirements when offering a loan extension even when it is reasonable to do so.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L199-L204

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The rollLoan() function implemented correctly should reduce the loan and send the collateral back to the borrower. 


