Bent Latte Skunk

medium

# Lender can transfer loan to blacklisted address to block repayments.
## Summary

Lender can transfer loan to blacklisted address to block repayments.

## Vulnerability Detail

The Cooler contract supports any ERC20 tokens. Some tokens liked USDC, USDT have blacklists, which prevent certain users from interacting with those tokens. The Cooler contract allows a lender reset the lender address to a new address, aka hand over a loan. Thus lenders can hand over a loan to a blacklisted addres, which can prevent borrowers from repaying the loan. Thus lenders can maliciously block repayments until it is time for default.

The Cooler contract has the function `approveTransfer` and `transferOwnership` which lets users hand over their loan to a different address. The lender can also choose to reset the `repayDirect` field of a loan using the `setDirectRepay` function. Thus lenders can transfer the loan to some other address, and set direct repay as true. Then, during repayment, the borrower will not be able to repay the loan if the loan is denominated in tokens such as USDC.

The lenders can then wait until it is time for default, and re-transfer the loan off the blacklisted address, and then claim default. This can be used to forcefully default borrowers.

Blacklisted addresses private keys can be found online, as well as bought on certain marketplaces. Since setting up such an attack has a very low cast, a high impact, and is situational, this is classified as medium severity.

## Impact

Loan repayments can be blocked by lenders if tokens with blacklists are used.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L151-L187

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Always set direct repay to false if the loan is transferred.