Stable Corduroy Panther

high

# Protocol assumes 18 decimals collateral
## Summary
Multiple calculation are done with the amount of collateral token  calculated in collateralFor that assume the collateral token has 18 decimals.
This vulnerability pertains to the collateralFor function, which may produce incorrect results when calculating collateral amounts if the decimals of the collateral token and the debt token are not the same. The current implementation does not account for the differing decimal places, potentially leading to inaccurate calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The collateralFor function is designed to calculate the amount of collateral required for a given debt amount and loan-to-collateral ratio. However, the current implementation does not consider scenarios where the collateral token and the debt token have different decimal places. This oversight can result in inaccurate calculations due to the mismatch in decimal factors.

For example if a collateral has more than 18 decimals ,as an example YAMv2 has 24 decimals, and the debt token s 18 decimals, the value of collateralFor would be miscalculated and multiplied with extra 1e6 in that case.

## Impact
If this vulnerability is exploited, the following consequences may occur:

The calculated collateral amount might be significantly incorrect, leading to overestimation or underestimation of required collateral.
Users relying on the calculated collateral amount might make incorrect financial decisions, potentially leading to financial loss or unexpected consequences.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L371

    function collateralFor(uint256 amount_, uint256 loanToCollateral_) public view returns (uint256) {
        return (amount_ * (10 ** collateral().decimals())) / loanToCollateral_;
    }

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider Token Decimals: Adjust the calculation in the collateralFor function to account for different decimal places of the collateral token and the debt token. Retrieve the decimal factors for both tokens and apply them appropriately in the calculation.
