Shaggy Canvas Gorilla

high

# Anyone other than owner loses funds if he places requests in a Cooler
## Summary
Anyone is allowed to ```requestLoan``` in a Cooler contract but the ```rescindRequest``` function can only be called by the owner. The problem here is the collateral tokens in case of ```rescindRequest``` and debt tokens in case of ```clearRequest``` and  are sent to "owner" instead of the deserving address.

## Vulnerability Detail
All are allowed to place loan requests in a Cooler. But once, a loan request has been placed the next steps give all funds to the owner address instead of the address that initiated the request. See Line 129. It is not documented if only the owner should be able to borrow funds in a Cooler and moreover the requestLoan function is open to all. This may lead to other people requesting loans through the Cooler but they will always lose funds. If they find out that the owner controls next steps then they have two choices - 1) ```rescindRequest``` but it can only be called by the owner and it sends the collateral tokens back to the owner instead of the address that placed the request. - 2) ```clearRequest``` but if anyone clears the loan request then debt tokens actually are transferred to the owner address. This is unfair advantage to the owner of the Cooler.

## Impact
It is not clear if only the owner should be borrowing funds from a cooler but since requesting loans is open to all it steals all collateral funds from any other users. High severity because users lose their collateral if the request is rescinded as well as debt if once the request is cleared. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L129

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Restrict the requestLoan function to only the owner.
