Recumbent Syrup Cod

high

# Exploitable Loan Modification in Cooler.sol
## Summary
This comprehensive security review identifies a critical vulnerability within the `Cooler.sol` smart contract. The flaw permits a malicious lender to manipulate loan conditions by utilizing the `provideNewTermsForRoll` function. Subsequently, due to the absence of proper access control in the `rollLoan` function, the attacker can execute a loan rollover with substantially elevated interest rates.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability unfolds in two distinct stages. Initially, the malicious lender invokes the `provideNewTermsForRoll` function, which allows them to tamper with the loan's interest rate and its duration. Notably, these alterations can involve setting excessively high interest rates or significantly reducing the loan duration. Following this, the absence of robust access control in the `rollLoan` function permits the malicious lender to execute a loan rollover with the manipulated terms, effectively imposing unfavorable conditions on the borrower.
## Impact
The potential consequences of this vulnerability are substantial. Borrowers face the risk of financial loss due to the imposition of disadvantageous terms on their loans. As malicious lenders exploit the vulnerability to modify interest rates and loan durations, borrowers could experience severe financial setbacks.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitingate this issue add access control on `rollLoan` function to can be called only by `owner()`
```solidity
iif (msg.sender != owner()) revert OnlyApproved();
```