Special Mauve Pangolin

high

# Malicious lender abusing rollLoan to capture collateral through Cooler
## Summary

Malicious peer-to-peer (non ClearingHouse) lender can first call `provideNewTermsForRoll` with a very high `loanToCollateral_` value then call `rollLoan` (both in `Cooler.sol`) to trap the borrower's collateral, and then `claimDefaulted` after the expiration time. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Assume first that the borrower (same as `owner()`) has created a loan request directly through the Cooler with a lower than market rate `loanToCollateral_` value (so the value of the collateral is worth more than the value of the debt, which is a fair use case to incentivize lenders to fill the request). Or, assume that the price of gOHM has gone up, so the value of the collateral is higher than the value of the debt -- same effect. 

A lender (not the ClearingHouse) fills the request through the Cooler. The lender then calls `provideNewTermsForRoll` with a very high `loanToCollateral_` value and a somewhat high interest value (high enough so that the amount of interest is never worth repaying by the borrower, but not high enough to cause overflow). The lender then immediately calls `rollLoan`. Because the `loanToCollateral_` value was extremely high (let's say, UINT_MAX), `newCollateralFor` will return 0 (or something close to 0, doesn't really matter):

This is because `newCollateralFor` uses `loan.request.loanToCollateral`, which was set by the lender in `provideNewTermsForRoll`. 

```solidity
    function newCollateralFor(uint256 loanID_) public view returns (uint256) {
        Loan memory loan = loans[loanID_];
        // Accounts for all outstanding debt (borrowed amount + interest).
        uint256 neededCollateral = collateralFor(
            loan.amount,
            loan.request.loanToCollateral
        );

        return
            neededCollateral > loan.collateral ?
            neededCollateral - loan.collateral :
            0;
    }
```

Because the lender passed in a somewhat high interest value to `provideNewTermsForRoll`, the amount of debt (`request.amount`) is now higher than the amount of collateral, so the borrower should never repay. The lender will thus just take the higher value collateral out after loan expiration time has passed, making a big profit. 

Note that the malicious lender can actually achieve this same effect without manipulating `loanToCollateral_` at all; because `newCollateralFor` doesn't consider the interest rate at all, the malicious lender can just pass in a very high interest rate to `provideNewTermsForRoll` and then call `rollLoan`. They will have to pay some amount of collateral into the cooler (but it won't account for the interest rate), but the amount of debt will increase much more (because the debt accounts for the interest rate but not the cooler). Thus the borrower won't be able to pay back the amount borrowed and the lender will get access to all the collateral in the end (which is presumably higher valued). 

Note that this is not an issue for users taking loans directly from the ClearingHouse, since the clearing house will always be honest. This only affects the peer to peer case when a borrower interacts directly with the Cooler, calls `requestLoan`, and an external lender fills the request.

## Impact

Malicious lender stealing collateral from borrower

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make `rollLoan` only callable by `owner()` or the clearing house. 