Old Chili Starling

high

# Lenders can arbitrarily increase borrowers' owed amount forcing default
## Summary
Since anyone can roll any loan, a lender can craft new loan parameters to arbitrarily increase the borrower's owed amount without providing extra collateral.

## Vulnerability Detail
``Cooler`` allows lenders to call [``provideNewTermsForRoll``](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/6d34cd12a2a15d2c92307d44782d6eae1474ab25/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L282-L300) to set new parameters (with no restrictions) for a loan they own, and also allows anyone to call [``rollLoan``](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/6d34cd12a2a15d2c92307d44782d6eae1474ab25/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217) to apply these new parameters on any existing loan. This can be exploited to increase a borrower's loaned amount without providing extra collateral.

Consider the following example for a Cooler with debt token DAI, collateral token gOHM:
- Alice makes loan request with the following parameters:
``amount_ = 3000e18``
``interest_ = 25e15`` (2.5% per annum)
``loanToCollateral_ = 3000e18``
``duration_ =  73 days`` (1/5 of 365 days)
She deposits 1e18 gOHM as collateral
- Bob clears the request, sending 3000e18 DAI to Alice (Assume that Alice does not repay anything from here on)
- Bob calls ``provideNewTermsForRoll`` on the loan with the following parameters:
``interest = 365e18`` (this could be much higher for more severe effect)
``loanToCollateral = 3015e18`` (this could be much higher for more severe effect)
``duration = 1 days``
- Bob calls ``rollLoan`` on the loan. New terms calculated are:
``newCollateral = 3015e18 * 1e18 / 3015e18 = 1e18 <= loan.collateral`` so ``newCollateral = 0`` (so Bob does not transfer any extra collateral)
``newDebt = (365e18 * 1 days / 365 days) * 3015e18 / 1e18 = 3015e18``
``loan.amount = 3015e18 + 3015e18 = 6030e18``
``loan.collateral = 1e18 + 0 = 1e18``
``loan.expiry = 73 days + 1 days = 74 days``

(For the sake of this example, assume that 1 gOHM is worth 3500 DAI (no precision) and the value of the tokens is constant)
Alice's owed amount has doubled while collateral is unchanged, so if she is to repay the loan she is paying double to get back her collateral. She would lose significantly more by repaying, so is forced to default. After the 74 days is up, Bob claims 1e18 gOHM worth 3250 DAI and loses the 3000 DAI he lent, profiting 250 DAI.

Note that the lender can be selective about what loans they clear and can accordingly craft their parameters to make guaranteed profit.

## Impact
Borrower is forced to default to avoid greater loss of funds and lender essentially steals collateral.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/6d34cd12a2a15d2c92307d44782d6eae1474ab25/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/6d34cd12a2a15d2c92307d44782d6eae1474ab25/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L282-L300

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider validating that the caller of ``rollLoan`` is ``owner()``.