Gentle Chrome Zebra

high

# A malicious lender can call ``rollLoan()`` himself to  increase ``borrowers`` loan repay amount.
## Summary
In ``Cooler.sol`` contract, when lender calls ``provideNewTermsForRoll()`` with new ``interest_``, ``loanToCollateral_`` and ``duration_``, the loan can be rolled by paying extra collateral if necessary. But anyone other then ``borrower`` can also call this ``rollLoan()`` with malicious values.

## Vulnerability Detail
A malicious lender can set ``loanToCollateral_`` same as before while calling ``provideNewTermsForRoll()``, which will return ``0`` when ``newCollateralFor()`` is called as ``newCollateral`` is calculated on the basis of ``loan.amount`` (which doesn't change once set) and ``loanToCollateral_``.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L377-L389

Hence, a malicious lender can call ``rollLoan()`` without paying any collateral. But, ``newDebt`` in the ``rollLoan()`` depends on ``interest_`` and ``duration_`` set during ``provideNewTermsForRoll()`` by the lender  and if these two value increase, the ``newDebt`` also increases and eventually is added to the original ``loan.amount``.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L200-L203

 Hence, ``lender`` can add more amount to ``borrowers`` loan repay amount again and again by calling ``provideNewTermsForRoll()`` and ``rollLoan()`` himself with very high ``interest rate`` unless the value of loan repay amount is less than the ``collateral`` itself.

## Impact
A malicious lender can call ``provideNewTermsForRoll()`` and ``rollLoan()`` again and again to increase the ``loan amount`` as many times until and unless it's value is less than ``collateral`` borrower put up. Hence, borrower has to repay more ``loan amount`` to get his collateral back or else ``borrower`` will lose all of it's collateral once ``duration`` of loan is up. Also, interest can be set very high and duration can be set low such that ``borrower`` has to pay as soon as possible or they will get defaulted fast and lose all their collateral.

``Borrower`` will lose a lot of amount. Hence, this issue qualifies to be a ``high`` severity one.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure that only ``borrower`` can call ``rollLoan()`` by adding the following check at the beginning of ``rollLoan()``:
```solidity
        if(msg.sender != owner()) revert OnlyApproved();
```

