Cool Tiger Duck

high

# Malicious Lender can forcefully roll the loan on it's own terms
## Summary

Because of lack of excess control, the loan can be rolled by malicious lender at any terms of lender's choice.

## Vulnerability Detail

The way rolling the loan in `Cooler.sol` works is:

1. Lender first calls `provideNewTermsForRoll` function.

2. This will update the `loan.request` terms and put `loan.request.active` value to `true`.

3. This `loan.request.active` value is getting validated in `rollLoan` function making sure that `provideNewTermsForRoll` has been called beforehand by the lender.

4. `rollLoan` adds the `newDebt` to the loan amount which consists of interest of the loan of the extended `duration` and the loan is rolled without adding any collateral as `loanToCollateral` ratio is kept same by lender.

```solidity

  function rollLoan(uint256 loanID_) external {
      Loan memory loan = loans[loanID_];

      if (block.timestamp > loan.expiry) revert Default();
@->   if (!loan.request.active) revert NotRollable();

      // Check whether rolling the loan requires pledging more collateral or not (if there was a previous repayment).
      uint256 newCollateral = newCollateralFor(loanID_);
@->   uint256 newDebt = interestFor(loan.amount, loan.request.interest, loan.request.duration);

      // Update memory accordingly.
@->   loan.amount += newDebt;
      loan.collateral += newCollateral;
      loan.expiry += loan.request.duration;
      loan.request.active = false;

      // Save updated loan info in storage.
      loans[loanID_] = loan;

      if (newCollateral > 0) {
          collateral().safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), newCollateral);
      }

      // If necessary, trigger lender callback.
      if (loan.callback) CoolerCallback(loan.lender).onRoll(loanID_, newDebt, newCollateral);
  }


```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192-L217)

Problem here is:

There is no access control on the `rollLoan` function. So, Even Lender can call this function to role the loan anytime. What makes it critical is that the contract doesn't require any permission from `borrower` whether he/she agrees with the new terms or not. 

This can lead to malicious Lender exploiting borrowers by keeping high interest rate and forcing borrowers to pay more than what the borrowers would like to not lose their collateral.

## Impact

Rolling of loan at terms which borrower might not agree on leading to loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

Shown Above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add an access control on `rollLoan` so that only borrower can call this.