Vast Mandarin Sparrow

high

# `rollLoan` function can be called by anyone.
## Summary
`rollLoan` can be called by any malicious lender, changing the terms of the loans for the borrower without them wanting to.

## Vulnerability Detail
As soon as a loan request is cleared by a lender, the same lender could immediately call the `provideNewTermsForRoll` and input a very high values for the `interest_` and `loanToCollateral_` parameters. The call executes since it is called by the same lender who cleared the loan and hence the check (`if (msg.sender != loan.lender) revert OnlyApproved();`) passes.

As there is no check on who calls the `rollLoan` function, the same lender can call this function before loan expiry. Also, since `loanToCollateral_` was set to a very high value in the `provideNewTermsForRoll` function, the collateral required to be transferred can be a very small value and even zero depending on the value of `loanToCollateral_`. The required collateral is defined as:

```solidity
    function collateralFor(uint256 amount_, uint256 loanToCollateral_) public view returns (uint256) {
        return (amount_ * (10 ** collateral().decimals())) / loanToCollateral_;
    }
```
So, if `loanToCollateral_` is a big value, the collateral returned is a small value. Hence, the new collateral value can even be 0.

```solidity
    function newCollateralFor(uint256 loanID_) public view returns (uint256) {
        Loan memory loan = loans[loanID_];
        // Accounts for all outstanding debt (borrowed amount + interest).
        uint256 neededCollateral = collateralFor(
            loan.amount,
            loan.request.loanToCollateral
        );

        return
            neededCollateral > loan.collateral ?
            neededCollateral - loan.collateral :
            0; //Note - zero can be returned. Meaning malicious lender need not transfer any collateral
    }
```    

## Impact
The debt that a borrower has to pay could be increased to an extremely high value by a malicious lender such that a user could even fail to repay it and in the process, the lender would steal the collateral after the loan's expiry.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-cooler/blob/main/Cooler/src/Cooler.sol#L192

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to see that the `rollLoan` function is only called by the owner of the escrow, like `rescindRequest` function.
```solidity
 if (msg.sender != owner()) revert OnlyApproved();
```